# Dispute

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**DisputeId** | **string** | The unique ID for this &#x60;Dispute&#x60;, generated by Square. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmountMoney** | [***Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Reason** | **string** | The dispute reason why the cardholder initiated the dispute with their bank. See [DisputeReason](#type-disputereason) for possible values | [optional] [default to null]
**State** | **string** | The current state of this dispute. See [DisputeState](#type-disputestate) for possible values | [optional] [default to null]
**DueAt** | **string** | The time when the next action is due, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**DisputedPayment** | [***DisputedPayment**](DisputedPayment.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EvidenceIds** | **[]string** | The IDs of the evidence associated with the dispute. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardBrand** | **string** | The card brand used in the disputed payment. See [CardBrand](#type-cardbrand) for possible values | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedAt** | **string** | The timestamp when the dispute was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedAt** | **string** | The timestamp when the dispute was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**BrandDisputeId** | **string** | The ID of the dispute in the card brand system, generated by the card brand. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReportedDate** | **string** | The timestamp when the dispute was reported, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**Version** | **int32** | The current version of the &#x60;Dispute&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**LocationId** | **string** | The ID of the location where the dispute originated. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

